fancyhdr – Extensive control of page headers and footers in LaTeX2ε

The package provides extensive facilities, both for constructing headers and footers, and for controlling their use (for example, at times when LaTeX would automatically change the heading style in use).

The distribution package consists of the following files:

README				 This file
fancyhdr.dtx		 The complete source of the package and documentation
fancyhdr.ins		 The installation file; run through TeX to generate *.sty
fancyhdr.pdf  		 PDF of the documentation

After processing (by tex) of fancyhdr.ins, the following package files will be generated:

fancyhdr.sty		 the LaTeX package
extramarks.sty 		 a package for additional marks
fancyheadings.sty	 this loads fancyhdr with a warning message

Fancyhdr is a replacement for the old LaTeX2 package fancyheadings. That
one should not be used anymore. The package fancyheadings included here
just loads fancyhdr with a warning message.

The documentation (fancyhdr.dtx/fancyhdr.pdf) describes both
fancyhdr.sty and extramarks.sty.
In order to latex the documentation you need to have a copy of
boxedminipage.sty (CTAN:/macros/latex/contrib/boxedminipage) and
refcount.sty (CTAN:/macros/latex/contrib/oberdiek/) installed.

This is version 4.0.1 of fancyhdr.sty and extramarks.sty. They are
described in the forthcoming third edition of The LaTeX Companion.
Extramarks.sty has not been changed, except for the version and
copyright information.

The older versions fancyhdr.sty version 3 and extramarks.sty version 2
are the packages as described in the second edition of The LaTeX
Companion. That documentation can still be used for the newer
versions, but some of the newer features will be missing.

LICENCE: All files in this package may be distributed under the terms of
the LaTeX Project Public License, as described in lppl.txt in the base
LaTeX distribution. Either version 1.3 or, at your option, any later
version.
-- 
Pieter van Oostrum.
<pieter@vanoostrum.org>
http://pieter.vanoostrum.org/


